this recap brought to you by manscape
the best men's grooming tools for your
family jewels
welcome to the man of recaps this is
survivor winners at war episode 7 we
begin at the edge of extinction with
last week's double eliminations Parvati
and Sandra Sanders like so how is it
here on the edge and they're all like
well it's terrible so Sandra becomes the
first person to quit and leave the edge
of extinction yeah I forgot that was an
option but you can raise the flag any
time and they'll take you home this is
probably the best move for Sandra
there's almost certainly gonna be some
sort of physical challenge to fight your
way back into the game and you know
Sandra is not really good at those but
she's one survivor twice now already in
the history books is one of the best
ever
she's got nothing left to prove so Queen
stays Queen as Sandra's had no home
there's drama at the blue tribe that
just voted Parvati out at tribal council
Lendl was like hey Parvati I'm open to
offers if you give me some fire tokens
maybe although how you want this
disheartened you'll who was counting
Wendel as a close ally and you don't
want your ally willing to flip-flop they
have a fireside chat about it windows
like yeah sorry about that man don't
worry I'm solid the next morning though
Michelle talks to Wendell about it and
he gets really defensive
yeah happened his ex-girlfriend here is
really messing with his normally chill
vibes so you'll talk to Michelle like
hey Wendell's been erratic lately maybe
you joined our alliance and Wendell's
out back at the edge of extinction that
castaways are still super bored and
hungry after Sandra broke the seal and
went home Ethan is now considering it
he's a champion he does not give up but
he's a little concerned for his health
maybe all this strain on his body is
medically unsafe for a cancer survivor
he talked to Parvati about it and
apparently these two became real close
they have a really great wholesome
conversation and for now Ethan decides
to stick it out in fact it's time for an
extinction challenge there's four fire
tokens hidden on the island where the
trails end and there's nothing else to
it but just find him first so it's an
all-out race Boston Rob sprinting out of
there as soon as he opens his letter
Tyson's not worried about Rob's head
start though but me knowing is a portly
chap figure I have time to make up
ground Tyson does follow a trail to its
end and boom fire token for him because
I am amazing but the other three no one
can find what happened to him Boston Rob
the portly chap was there first he
grabbed all three of them three fire
tokens from one challenge that's a huge
advantage for Boston Rob he's not out
yet over on the right tribe they're
doing some running of their own just
Tony showing off how fast he is there a
happy foursome right now
everyone knows the merge is coming up
soon this is the time to shift alliances
and go into the merge with the right
people and so Kim who's sort of been in
the middle here is like hey Denise I
think you're my best ally here she's
doing it up with Denise and Jeremy if
they have to vote someone out tonight
it's gonna go Tony
Green tribes and joined the peanut
butter jelly sandwiches they won at the
last immunity challenge but they have
some drama with Idol paranoia they know
there must have been an idol around the
new green camp and we know it's Sophie
you found it but Ben thinks Adam
probably found it and Adams convinced
Sarah found it my spidey senses are just
like it makes everyone nervous when your
allies are hiding an idol from you and
once again Adam is stirring up trouble
putting a target on himself then once
again immunity is back up for grabs
and this challenge is a tough one you've
got to fill the shallow heavy bowl with
water and then walk it through this
obstacle course or enough of it into the
bucket at the end to release the puzzle
pieces it's very easy to lose a bunch of
water along the way and you don't want
to have to make multiple trips and right
try brush through if they get their
first pouring in the water but oh it's
not enough blue tribes right behind them
can they do it no they didn't get it
either the green tribe is way behind
they're taking it slow and steady will
this technique pay off yeah they got
enough water on their first try they're
starting the puzzle green tribe blows
them out of the water with their
first-place finish it's a race for
second red and blue are neck-and-neck
it's coming down to the wire and the red
tribe eats up by one second Nick and you
will get together they're on the same
page it's time to ditch Wendell plus
they kind of blame this challenge loss
on him he was busy trash-talking instead
of focusing on the puzzle Wendell's no
dummy though he knows they're turning on
him so he turns to Michelle their
relationship has been strained so far
from what we've seen but they do have
that previous relationship there's some
level of trust built in in fact Michelle
apparently gave him one of her fire
tokens for no reason just to rebuild
that trust when she talked to you
although she's a hundred percent on
board to vote out Wendell that would
make her life a lot easier so it seems
like a done deal Wendell's going home
but no starts to strategize thinking of
ways that they could vote Wendell out
but he wouldn't know it was them so he
would bequeath them as fire tokens and
Nick's listening to this like huh he was
playing this game on a whole higher
level of strategy maybe we don't want to
take him with us he's like hey Michelle
I know we're both kind of sick of
Wendell right now but if we stick with
eul's Alliance he's gonna be the
mastermind of everything we're gonna be
left in the dust maybe we vote out you
will stick with Wendell and then like
we've got the power in that alliance
what will they decide to do I love you
will I hope they keep him but no they
vote him out
in fact you was the last old school
player left in the game is this a crazy
coincidence or are the new Survivor
players just better at the modern game
anyway he's off to the edge of
extinction but quits his fire tokens to
Sophie and Sarah it's a smart move if he
could get back in the game he's got some
solid allies lined up we'll see how it
all goes down find out next time on
Survivor on Survivor grooming is not
much of an option but for those of us
not stranded on a deserted island
there's manscaped no one wants a jungle
down there you want a nice manly trim
and the manscape products are just the
best trust me you don't want to risk
your man bits to some random cheap razor
you found you want the manscaped
lawnmower 3.0 precision engineered with
anti NIC properties for those sensitive
areas in fact you should get their
perfect package 3.0 it comes with a
lawnmower plus some fun products that
keep everything fresh down there special
offer a sweet leather toiletries tote
and a free pair of boxers yeah it's a no
brainer click the link in the
description to go there now and use my
promo code recap 20 for 20% off you want
the best for your manly trim so Paulo
that link go to manscaped now hit that
subscribe button for more of the fest
recaps of TV and movies and click the
join button to support the channel and
be a recap champion